on november 12 1955 moments after
witnessing his apparent death
marty mcfly learns that dr emmett brown
was transported to 1885.
marty and the 1955 doc used the
information in docs 1885 letter to find
and repair the delorean so marty can
return to 1985
doc's letter instructs marty not to
retrieve him
marty spots and photographs a tombstone
with doc's name
dated six days after the letter and
learns doc was killed by biff tannen's
great-grandfather
buford marty travels to september 2
1885 to save doc he arrives in the
middle of a cavalry pursuit of native
americans
when the delorean's fuel line is torn
marty hides the car in a cave only to be
chased by a bear and knocked out
found by his irish-born
great-great-grandparents sheamus and
maggie mcfly
he spends the night at their farm then
walks to hill valley and runs afoul of
buford and his gang
buford attempts to lynch marty but doc
rescues him
doc agrees to leave 1885 after seeing
the photograph
but without gasoline the delorean cannot
reach 88 miles per hour
142 kilometers per hour
dock devises a plan to use a steam
locomotive to push the delorean up to
the required speed
while he and marty explore a rail spur
they spot a runaway horse-drawn wagon
doc saves the passenger clara clayton
altering her death from the original
timeline
and they quickly fall in love at a town
festival
buford tries shooting doc but marty
thwarts him
buford insults marty and challenges him
to a showdown in two days
in his anger marty accepts doc warns
marty not to get provoked by
name-calling and lets it slip that marty
gets into a car accident in the future
doc's name in the photograph is erased
but the date and tombstone itself remain
after a failed attempt to convince clara
that he is from the future
doc is spurned he goes to the saloon for
a binge and drinks a single shot of
whiskey
causing him to pass out in the morning
buford arrives and calls out marty
who observes photograph and sees clint
eastwood his 1885 alias
appear on tombstone so refuses to duel
doc awakens after drinking bartender's
special wake-up juice and tries fleeing
with marty
but buford's gang captures doc forcing
marty to duel
after fooling buford into thinking he
killed marty marty knocks buford into a
wagon of manure
and buford is arrested for an earlier
robbery
as clara departs on train for san
francisco she overhears a salesman
discussing how heartbroken doc was at
saloon
clara applies emergency brake and
returns on foot to hill valley
she discovers doc's model of time
machine at his shop and
realizing he was telling her truth rides
after him
stealing locomotive at gunpoint doc and
marty begin pushing delorean along
spurline
clara boards locomotive while doc climbs
toward delorean
doc encourages clara to join him but she
falls
hanging by her dress marty passes his
hoverboard to doc
so he can save clara they coast away
from locomotive as it falls off an
unfinished railroad bridge
my travels to 1985 on now completed
bridge
m.y arrives on october 27 1985
escaping powerless delorean before it is
destroyed by an oncoming train
he discovers timeline has returned to
normal and finds jennifer sleeping on
her front porch
he uses lessons he learned in 1885 to
avoid being goaded into a street race
with douglas j
needles avoiding an automobile accident
remember that this accident would have
sent my's life spiral downward
jennifer opens a fax message she kept
from 2015
and watches as its text regard my's fur
disappears
as my jennifer examined delorean
wreckage a fly steam locomotive equipped
with a flux capacitor appears
manned by doc clara ir2 children jules
fern
doc gives my a photo of two of m by
clockworks in 1885.
jennifer asks about facts doc tells em
it means that future has not yet been
written
his family say goodbye dep aboard
locomotive
which takes flight before disappear